docs(contributing): build steps before environment (#1924)
webex/webex-js-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

>
> **We suggest using [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about) (WSL) for the best experience on Windows.** We've seen multiple tooling/package related errors when trying to build on a regular Windows environment. The build errors are a result of third-party node_modules that we do not maintain. These issues are not seen when using WSL.

### Building the SDK

Ensure that you have followed all the steps outlined in [Build Dependencies](#build-dependencies).

Fork the [webex-js-sdk](https://github.com/webex/webex-js-sdk/) repository and `git clone` your fork:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/webex-js-sdk.git
```

Install tooling dependencies with:

```bash

> npm install

Reviewer: I would add changing node versions first, before installing dependencies.
I know it's called out in the "Build dependencies section" but in case anyway skipped/skimmed it it's a simple sanity check.

```suggestion
nvm use
npm install
```

Author: Done!

You can get these values by registering a new integration on [Cisco Webex for Developers](https://developer.webex.com/my-apps/new/integration).

### Advanced Environment Variables

> The JS SDK allows you to customize your experience via configuration and environment variables. In general, non-cisco internal developers will not need to set any of the URL related environment variables.

Reviewer: The description it's a little confusing, so maybe we flip it?
```suggestion
The JS SDK allows you to customize your experience via configuration and environment variables. In general, external developers will not need to set any of the URL related environment variables.
```
